restructure Search content (#3701)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/sentry-basics/search/searchable-properties.mdx

| has | Restrict results to issues which have _any_ value for a tag. |
| has:user | Restrict results to issues which have a user value for a tag. |
| is | Filter on various properties of an issue. |
| is:unresolved<br /> is:resolved<br /> is:ignored | Filter on the state of an issue. |
| is:assigned<br /> is:unassigned | Return issues based on whether they are are assigned or not. |
| is:linked<br /> is:unlinked | Return issues based on whether they are linked (to an external issue tracker) or not. |
| lastSeen | Restrict results to issues that were last seen since or until a given point in time. Usage is similar to the `age` token (see above). |
| lastSeen:+30d | Return issues last seen 30 days ago or more. |
| lastSeen:-2d | Return issues last seen within the last two days. |
| timesSeen | Restrict results to issues that have been seen exactly, at least, or at most some number of times.<br /><br /> An exact match token: `timesSeen:10`.<br /><br /> Upper or lower bounds tokens: `timesSeen:>10`, `timesSeen:>=10`, `timesSeen:<10`, `timesSeen:<=10` |

### Event Properties

> Events are the underlying event data captured using Sentry SDKs (read: errors and exceptions).

Author: ```suggestion
Events are the underlying event data captured using Sentry SDKs (read: errors and transactions).
```

| has | Restrict results to issues which have _any_ value for a tag. |
| has:user | Restrict results to issues which have a user value for a tag. |
| is | Filter on various properties of an issue. |
| is:unresolved<br /> is:resolved<br /> is:ignored | Filter on the state of an issue. |
| is:assigned<br /> is:unassigned | Return issues based on whether they are are assigned or not. |
| is:linked<br /> is:unlinked | Return issues based on whether they are linked (to an external issue tracker) or not. |
| lastSeen | Restrict results to issues that were last seen since or until a given point in time. Usage is similar to the `age` token (see above). |
| lastSeen:+30d | Return issues last seen 30 days ago or more. |
| lastSeen:-2d | Return issues last seen within the last two days. |
| timesSeen | Restrict results to issues that have been seen exactly, at least, or at most some number of times.<br /><br /> An exact match token: `timesSeen:10`.<br /><br /> Upper or lower bounds tokens: `timesSeen:>10`, `timesSeen:>=10`, `timesSeen:<10`, `timesSeen:<=10` |

### Event Properties

> Events are the underlying event data captured using Sentry SDKs (read: errors and exceptions).

Reviewer: Can you please verify that the events definition here does not include transactions? I think it should.

| os.build<br /> os.kernel_version | Restrict results to events tagged with a specific operating system property. |
| stack.abs_path<br /> stack.filename<br /> stack.function<br /> stack.module<br /> stack.package<br /> stack.stack_level<br /> stack.lineno | Restrict results to events with a matching stack property.<br /><br /> For Native SDK users, `stack.package` is the Native equivalent for `stack.module`. For more details about enhancing search, see the full documentation on [adding context and customizing tags](/platforms/native/enriching-events/). |
| error.type<br /> error.value<br /> error.mechanism<br /> error.handled | Restrict results to events with a matching error property. |

### Custom Tags

Additionally, you can use any tag you’ve specified as a token. Tags are various key/value pairs that get assigned to an event, and you can use them later as a breakdown or quick access to finding related events.

Most SDKs generally support configuring tags by configuring the scope:

> <PlatformContent includePath="sensitive-data/set-tag" />

Reviewer: This include doesn't work properly :( 

Can you instead link to the platform-specific content for tags? For example, /platform-redirect/?next=/enriching-events/tags/

Already tracked here - https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/issues/3172

> Most SDKs generally support configuring tags by configuring the scope:
> 
> <PlatformContent includePath="sensitive-data/set-tag" />

Author: ```suggestion
Most SDKs generally support configuring tags by configuring the scope. Learn more in the <PlatformLink to="/enriching-events/tags/">custom tags documentation</PlatformLink>. 
```
